yeah
and how can I help you sir really you
see the man talking to your bank manager
has this case open oh that's mr. Guindon
one of our assistant managers our
manager is mr. show and met he's not in
today
but you see the man with the briefcase
yes that's my partner he has a gun in
there if you don't do exactly what I
tell you or if you give me any kind of a
problem at all I'm gonna look over my
partner he's gonna shoot your mr.
Guindon between the eyes I know take one
of those big envelopes and put as many
hundreds 50s and 20s as you can pack
into it nothing with bank straps or
rubber bands I don't want any dye packs
I don't want any bait money start with a
second drawer and then the one over
there underneath the money camera okay
it's okay come on right keys right there
next to
no bills off the bottom of the drawer
please do your first time being around
them doing great
just smile the Reta so you don't look
like you're being held up got very
pretty smile it's 23 to 25 big hug it
doesn't reflect it I had to give my
partner a sign that's good
now he's gonna wait 30 seconds until I'm
out of the building make sure you
haven't set off the alarm if you have
he's gonna shoot your mr. Quint in
between the eyes okay
I think that'll do it Loretta thank you
nice day you too
security officer hey cute didn't she
yeah she seems very nice